signatures: DSA and RSA (two most common ones) DSA and RSA ok

Zero knowledge scheme -> signature scheme (last slide of c5) ???     

Secret sharing: ok
1. launch a nuclear weapon & business secret in large company 
2. enforce cooperation 
3. Prevent someone to make decision by one person 

Tripartite key exchange protocol: the final result is protected by DLP, x_i is protected by ECDLP. -> match the difficulty of DLP and ECDLP ???

2 more questions: quantum cryptography and side channel attack

What are Bra? What are Ket?
Ket is a column vector. Bra is the conjugate transpose of Ket. (Give example)

What is a qubit

Quantum gate

Two examples of side channel attacks?
1. Regular(cash)Timing attack 
2. Power analysis 

How to prevent side channel attack?
Can never prevent side channel attack, but can slow down the attack
Square and multiply


advantages of PKI public key infrastructure
Verify people's identity through the Internet and minimize fraud.Minimize the risk of information being read during transmission to reach privacy of the message.Ensure the integrity of the message, such as electronic communications. Minimize the risk of alteration or falsification during transmission.Provide a guarantee of transactions that people cannot back down in electronic transactions.

components of PKI
Certificate authorities: the third party to issue digital certificatesDigital certificates: verifiable files to represent identityKey backup system: backup users’ keysCertificate abolish system: abolish users' certificatesPKI APIs: interface for applications

Why there is no perfect random oracle?
1. infinite possible inputs
2. independence of outputs
3. finite algorithm -> infinite description

Shannon entropy H(X)=-\sum p_ilog(p_i)

parity check matrix H???
How to check the received bits? GH^T = 0 He^T=0!!!???


Understand how to use the least significant bit in Steganography.???

Difference between cryptography and steganography
Cryptography encrypts the content itself. Steganography conceals the way to transfer it in order to reduce people's attention
Cryptography will change the original structure of the message, while the steganography will not.


Daul lattice ???

Problem MQ
MQ: Solve the system p1(x) = p2(x) = ... = pm(x) = 0, where each pi is a quadratic in x = (x1, . . . , xn). All coefficients and variables are in Fq, the field with q elements.Problem MQ is NP-complete.
list three MAC system
CBC-MAC, ONE-TIME MAC,CMAC, PMAC, HMAC,



